Update docs v1.5.2 (#268)
DataDog/KubeHound: docs/khaas/getting-started.md

# KubeHound as a Service (KHaaS)

> KHaaS enables you to use KubeHound in a distributive way. It is being splitted in 2 main categories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KHaaS enables you to use KubeHound in a distributive way. It is split in 2 main categories:
```

- The ingestor stack which includes the `graphdb`, `storedb`, `UI` and `grpc endpoint`.
- The collector (the kubehound binary) which will dump and send the k8s resources to the KHaaS `grpc endpoint`.

[![](../images/khaas-architecture.png)](../images/khaas-architecture.png)

!!! note

    You need to deploy the data storage you want to use ([AWS s3 in our example](https://github.com/DataDog/KubeHound/tree/main/deployments/terraform)).

## Automatic collection

> KHaaS has been created to deployed inside a kubernetes cluster. This way you can set through Kubernetes `CronJob` daily dumps of your infrastucture. To configure and deploy it, please refer to the [deployment](deployment.md) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KHaaS has been created to be deployed inside a kubernetes cluster. This eases scaling and allows you to set Kubernetes `CronJob` daily dumps of your infrastucture for instance. To configure and deploy it, please refer to the [deployment](deployment.md) section.
```

## Manual collection

> In order to use `kubehound` with KHaaS, you need to specify the api endpoint you want to use. Since this is not likely to change in your environment, we advise you to use the local config file. By default KubeHound will look for `./kubehound.yaml` or `$HOME/.config/kubehound.yaml`. As example here we set the default endpoint with disabled SSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use `kubehound` with KHaaS, you need to specify the api endpoint you want to use. Since this is not likely to change in your environment, we recommend using the local config file. By default KubeHound will look for `./kubehound.yaml` or `$HOME/.config/kubehound.yaml`. For instance if the default configuration we set the endpoint with disabled SSL:
```

```yaml
ingestor:
  blob:
    bucket_url: "" # (i.e.: s3://your-bucket)
    region: "us-east-1" # (i.e.: us-east-1)
  api:
    endpoint: "127.0.0.1:9000"
    insecure: true

> ```

Reviewer: This feels like a repetition of the Advanced Configuration `Manual collection` section. Either link one to another or remove it over there, but I feel like duplicated data will just lead to contradictory info

Author: sticking with copy/pasta section as it is partially the same.

!!! note

    You can use [kubehound-reference.yaml](https://github.com/DataDog/KubeHound/blob/main/configs/etc/kubehound-reference.yaml) as an example which list every options.

Once everything is configured you just run the following, it will:

- **dump the k8s resources** and push it compressed to the cloud storage provider.
- send a grpc call to **run the ingestion on the KHaaS** grpc endpoint.

```bash
kubehound dump remote
```

## Manual ingestion

If you want to rehydrate (reingesting all the latest clusters dumps), you can use the `ingest` command to run it.

```bash
kubehound ingest remote
```

You can also specify a specific dump by using the `--cluster` and `run_id` flags.

```bash
kubehound ingest remote --cluster my-cluster-1 --run_id 01htdgjj34mcmrrksw4bjy2e94

> ```

Reviewer: actually this part is duplicated too

Author: sticking with copy/pasta section as it is partially the same.
